feat(pipes-targets-alpha): support Amazon Data Firehose target (#33860)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-pipes-targets-alpha/README.md

});
```

### Amazon Data Firehose Delivery Stream

An Amazon Data Firehose delivery stream can be used as a target for a pipe.
The delivery stream will receive the (enriched/filtered) source payload.

```ts
declare const sourceQueue: sqs.Queue;
declare const targetDeliveryStream: firehose.DeliveryStream;

> const streamTarget = new targets.FirehoseTarget(targetDeliveryStream);
> 
> const pipe = new pipes.Pipe(this, 'Pipe', {
>   source: new SqsSource(sourceQueue),
>   target: streamTarget,

Reviewer: nit: use `deliveryStreamTarget` as the variable here to differentiate from Kinesis Data Stream (example below)
```suggestion
const deliveryStreamTarget = new targets.FirehoseTarget(targetDeliveryStream);

const pipe = new pipes.Pipe(this, 'Pipe', {
  source: new SqsSource(sourceQueue),
  target: deliveryStreamTarget,
```

});
```

> The input to the target data stream can be transformed:
> 
> ```ts
> declare const sourceQueue: sqs.Queue;
> declare const targetDeliveryStream: firehose.DeliveryStream;
> 
> const streamTarget = new targets.FirehoseTarget(targetDeliveryStream, {
>   inputTransformation: pipes.InputTransformation.fromObject({ body: "👀" }),
> });
> 
> const pipe = new pipes.Pipe(this, 'Pipe', {
>   source: new SqsSource(sourceQueue),
>   target: streamTarget,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The input to the target delivery stream can be transformed:

```ts
declare const sourceQueue: sqs.Queue;
declare const targetDeliveryStream: firehose.DeliveryStream;

const deliveryStreamTarget = new targets.FirehoseTarget(targetDeliveryStream, {
  inputTransformation: pipes.InputTransformation.fromObject({ body: "👀" }),
});

const pipe = new pipes.Pipe(this, 'Pipe', {
  source: new SqsSource(sourceQueue),
  target: deliveryStreamTarget,
```
